Change `?` to only fall back on absent imports (#1181)
dhall-lang/dhall-lang: standard/imports.md

  [RFC4648 - Section 8](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4648#section-8), treated
  as a pure function from a byte array to text

The `?` operator lets you recover from some (but not all) import resolution
failures.

Specifically, `e₀ ? e₁` is equivalent to `e₁` if `e₀` contains any imports that
are *not cached* and *absent*, where an import is *not cached* if:

* the import is not protected by an integrity check, or:

> * the import is protected by an integrity check but is not cached

Reviewer: This definition of "not cached" seems kind of cyclical.

> * the import is not protected by an integrity check, or:
> * the import is protected by an integrity check but is not cached

Reviewer: Maybe this is clearer?

```suggestion
* the import is not protected by an integrity check, or:
* the import is protected by an integrity check but not available from the cache
```

… and an import is *absent* if:

* the import references an environment variable that is not defined,
* the import references a file that does not exist,
* the import references URL that cannot be retrieved, or:

> * the import is the `missing` import.

Reviewer 2: What is `missing` referring to here? Should this rule mention the missing keyword, which never resolve?

In other words, if any import cannot be retrieved or fetched from cache then the
`?` fallback is applied.

In contrast, `e₀ ? e₁` is equivalent to `e₀` if `e₀` fails to resolve an
expression for any of the following reasons:

* `e₀` imports an expression that fails to parse
* `e₀` imports an expression that fails to type-check
* `e₀` imports an expression that fails an integrity check
* `e₀` imports an expression that fails due to a cyclic import

In other words, the fallback expression is ignored if the import is present but
fails for other reasons.

For example:

> * `e₀ sha256:… ? e₁ = e₀ sha256:…` if `e₀ sha256:…` is cached
> * `e₀ sha256:… ? e₁ = e₀ sha256:…` if `e₀ sha256:…` is not cached, but `e₀` is
>   present and matches the integrity check
> * `e₀ sha256:… ? e₁ = e₀ sha256:…` if `e₀ sha256:…` is not cached, but `e₀` is
>   present and does not match the integrity check (meaning that the expression
>   as a whole is rejected without falling back to resolving `e₁`)
> * `e₀ sha256:… ? e₁ = e₁` if `e₀ sha256:…` is not cached and `e₀` is absent

Reviewer: I think this might be a bit easier to read:

```suggestion
* `e₀ sha256:… ? e₁` is equivalent to `e₀ sha256:…` if `e₀ sha256:…` is cached
* `e₀ sha256:… ? e₁` is equivalent to `e₀ sha256:…` if `e₀ sha256:…` is not
  cached, but `e₀` is present and matches the integrity check
* `e₀ sha256:… ? e₁` is equivalent to `e₀ sha256:…` if `e₀ sha256:…` is not
  cached, but `e₀` is present and does not match the integrity check (meaning
  that the expression as a whole is rejected without falling back to resolving
  `e₁`)
* `e₀ sha256:… ? e₁` is equivalent to `e₁` if `e₀ sha256:…` is not cached and
  `e₀` is absent
```
